Made cmake related changes, cleaned top level dir (#15)
NOAA-EMC/bufr-dump: release_notes/Release_Notes.txt

---------------------------------------------------
List of all code/scripts modified with this release
M CMakeLists.txt
M README.md
D VERSION

> D build.sh

Reviewer: Technically, these were moved, not deleted.  But Ok.

Author: We don't have a letter for it, so I used D(delete) and A (added) .But I agree

USH script changes
------------------
 ush/build.sh

>  Moved build.sh here to adhere to cmake practices (no files in top leveel dir)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Moved build.sh here to adhere to NCO EE2 standards (no files in top level dir)
```

Author: Agree, corrected!
